mandysax/core/annotation/Annotation.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.Annotation
mandysax/core/annotation/ARRAY.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.ARRAY
mandysax/core/annotation/GET.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.GET
mandysax/lifecycle/AndroidViewModel.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.AndroidViewModel
mandysax/data/Callback.java
 mandysax.data.Callback
mandysax/core/annotation/BindLayoutId.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.BindLayoutId
mandysax/BuildConfig.java
 mandysax.BuildConfig
mandysax/core/annotation/BindView.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.BindView
mandysax/core/annotation/STRING.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.STRING
mandysax/lifecycle/LifecycleObserver.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.LifecycleObserver
mandysax/lifecycle/Observer.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.Observer
mandysax/data/SafetyHashMap.java
 mandysax.data.SafetyHashMap
mandysax/data/Anna.java
 mandysax.data.Anna
 mandysax.data.Anna$1
 mandysax.data.Anna$CallFactory
mandysax/core/annotation/INT.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.INT
mandysax/lifecycle/ViewModelLifecycle.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.ViewModelLifecycle
 mandysax.lifecycle.ViewModelLifecycle$1
 mandysax.lifecycle.ViewModelLifecycle$ViewModelFactory
mandysax/lifecycle/LifecycleContentProvider.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.LifecycleContentProvider
mandysax/lifecycle/Lifecycle.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.DataEnum
 mandysax.lifecycle.Lifecycle
 mandysax.lifecycle.Lifecycle$Event
mandysax/lifecycle/LifecycleOwner.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner
mandysax/lifecycle/ViewModel.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.ViewModel
mandysax/lifecycle/LiveData.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.LiveData
 mandysax.lifecycle.LiveData$1
 mandysax.lifecycle.LiveData$2
 mandysax.lifecycle.LiveData$LiveDataCallBack
mandysax/design/NavigationItem.java
 mandysax.design.NavigationItem
mandysax/utils/DensityUtils.java
 mandysax.utils.DensityUtils
mandysax/lifecycle/Factory.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.Factory
mandysax/core/annotation/BindFragment.java
 mandysax.core.annotation.BindFragment
mandysax/lifecycle/MutableLiveData.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.MutableLiveData
mandysax/lifecycle/ViewModelProviders.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.ViewModelProviders
mandysax/utils/FieldUtils.java
 mandysax.utils.FieldUtils
mandysax/design/MusicView.java
 mandysax.design.MusicView
 mandysax.design.MusicView$1
mandysax/design/BottomNavigationBar.java
 mandysax.design.BottomNavigationBar
 mandysax.design.BottomNavigationBar$1
 mandysax.design.BottomNavigationBar$2
 mandysax.design.BottomNavigationBar$NavShowType
 mandysax.design.BottomNavigationBar$OnItemViewSelectedListener
mandysax/lifecycle/FragmentCompat.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.FragmentCompat
 mandysax.lifecycle.FragmentCompat$1
mandysax/lifecycle/FragmentCompatImpl.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.FragmentCompatImpl
mandysax/design/FragmentPage.java
 mandysax.design.FragmentPage
 mandysax.design.FragmentPage$LayoutParams
mandysax/lifecycle/AppCompatActivity.java
 mandysax.lifecycle.AppCompatActivity
